/material, addSmelt, addMachine, addBlast, addConductive
/singular elemental transition metals
/normal metals
lithium, true, true, false, true
beryllium, true, true, false, true
boron, true, true, false, true
sodium, true, true, false, true
magnesium, true, true, false, true
aluminum, true, true, true, true
potassium, true, true, false, true
calcium, true, true, false, true
scandium, true, true, true, true
titanium, true, true, true, true
vanadium, true, true, true, true
chrome, true, true, true, true
manganese, true, true, true, true
iron, true, true, false, true
cobalt, true, true, false, true
nickel, true, true, false, true
copper, true, true, false, true
zinc, true, true, false, true
gallium, true, true, false, true
germanium, true, true, false, true
arsenic, true, true, false, true
selenium, true, true, false, true
rubidium, true, true, true, true
strontium, true, true, true, true
yttrium, true, true, true, true
zirconium, true, true, true, true
niobium, true, true, true, true
molybdenum, true, true, true, true
ruthenium, true, true, true, true
rhodium, true, true, true, true
palladium, true, true, true, true
silver, true, true, true, true
cadmium, true, true, false, true
indium, true, true, true, true
tin, true, true, false, true
antimony, true, true, false, true
tellurium, true, true, false, true
caesium, true, true, false, true
barium, true, true, false, true
/rare earth
lanthanum, true, true, true, true
cerium, true, true, true, true
praseodymium, true, true, true, true
neodymium, true, true, true, true
promethium, true, true, true, true
samarium, true, true, true, true
europium, true, true, true, true
gadolinium, true, true, true, true
terbium, true, true, true, true
dysprosium, true, true, true, true
holmium, true, true, true, true
erbium, true, true, true, true
thulium, true, true, true, true
ytterbium, true, true, true, true
lutetium, true, true, true, true
/more normal metals
hafnium, true, true, true, true
tantalum, true, true, false, true
tungsten, true, true, true, true
rhenium, true, true, true, true
osmium, true, true, true, true
iridium, true, true, true, true
platinum, true, true, true, true
gold, true, true, false, true
mercury, true, true, false, true
thallium, true, true, false, true
lead, true, true, false, true
bismuth, true, true, false, true
polonium, true, true, false, true
/radioactive
astatine, true, true, false, true
francium, true, true, false, true
radium, true, true, false, true
actinium, true, true, false, true
thorium, true, true, false, true
uranium, true, true, false, true
neptunium, true, true, false, true
plutonium, true, true, false, true
americium, true, true, false, true
curium, true, true, false, true
berkelium, true, true, false, true
californium, true, true, false, true
einsteinium, true, true, false, true
fermium, true, true, false, true
mendelevium, true, true, false, true
nobelium, true, true, false, true
lawrencium, true, true, false, true
/synthetic
rutherfordium, true, true, false, true
dubnium, true, true, false, true
seaborgium, true, true, false, true
bohrium, true, true, false, true
hassium, true, true, false, true
meitnerium, true, true, false, true
darmstadtium, true, true, false, true
roentgenium, true, true, false, true
copernicium, true, true, false, true
nihonium, true, true, false, true
flerovium, true, true, false, true
moscovium, true, true, false, true
livermorium, true, true, false, true
tennessine, true, true, false, true
oganesson, true, true, false, true