circuit_hv, HV-Circuit
circuit_ev, EV-Circuit
circuit_iv, IV-Circuit
circuit_uv, UV-Circuit
computer_ev, EV-Computer
computer_iv, IV-Computer
computer_luv, LuV-Computer
computer_zpm, ZPM-Computer
computer_uv, UV-Computer
infi_single, Infinity-Singularity
mainframe_iv, IV-Mainframe
mainframe_luv, LuV-Mainframe
mainframe_zpm, ZPM-Mainframe
mainframe_uv, UV-Mainframe
processor_hv, HV-Processor
processor_ev, EV-Processor
processor_zpm, ZPM-Processor
upgrade_mv, MV-Upgrade
upgrade_hv, HV-Upgrade
upgrade_ev, EV-Upgrade
upgrade_iv, IV-Upgrade
upgrade_luv, LuV-Upgrade
upgrade_zpm, ZPM-Upgrade
upgrade_uv, UV-Upgrade